Add Handler factories (#61)
saleor/saleor-app-sdk: docs/api-handlers.md

# Api Handlers

Saleor Apps are meant to work in serverless environment, where Cloud Functions are the foundations of server-side code.

Currently, Saleor heavily relies on Next.js, but in the future, other platforms will be supported.

## Required handlers

Saleor requires 2 endpoints to be available for a standalone app:

> - Manifest endpoint - Saleor asks for App information like name and permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manifest endpoint - Returns JSON object with app properties, like its name or permissions. [Read more](https://docs.saleor.io/docs/3.x/developer/extending/apps/manifest)
```

> - Register endpoint - Saleor uses it to exchange authorization data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Register endpoint - During the installation process, Saleor sends `POST` request with auth token to this endpoint. [Read more](https://docs.saleor.io/docs/3.x/developer/extending/apps/installing-apps#installation-using-graphql-api)
```

> TODO - any other endpoints?

Author: @krzysztofwolski can you confirm only manifest and register are required by Saleor?

> TODO - any other endpoints?

Reviewer: Also the [appUrl](https://docs.saleor.io/docs/3.x/developer/extending/apps/manifest) which is used to display a view in the dashboard when app is opened. Not 100% sure if Saleor allow to create app without it 🤔

Author: But appUrl is not endpoint, right? Its set by the factory itself
